In this lesson, I'm going to point you towards some resources for installing tools that we're going
to use throughout this course.
The first one is the U.S. command line interface, the Seelye.
You will need to install that on your computer and I'll show you how to do that in a moment.
Next is a visual studio code from Microsoft.
These are all free tools.
By the way, Visual Studio code is useful for editing the code snippets that are supplied in this course.
Now, you don't need to write any code in this course.
It's all supplied for you in the course download, and you can find a link to download the course materials.
In the last lesson of this section.
Lastly, Cloud Shell is an interactive command line environment running on a WC, so it's like running
the command line interface, but not on your computer.
It's actually hosted in a WC.
It may be a useful tool for you, especially if you have any issues with firewalls stopping the command
line interface running on your machine.
So let's head over and see how we can set up these tools.
The first tool is the IWC command line interface.
Currently, this is at version two, and the link for this page is attached to this lesson.
So you need to choose your operating system.
So, for example, you might choose windows and then just download the installer package.
In this case, it's an MSE file and install that on your machine, and all the instructions are here
on how to do that.
If you're running on Mac OS, then there's also a package file here, which you can download to install
it on your operating system.
So follow the instructions for your operating system and install the SEELYE.
We're not going to use it yet.
We're actually going to configure the authentication and authorization for it a bit later on.
Next is Visual Studio Code.
Again, this is a free tool, and you can download it for Windows, Linux and Mac.
So again, just follow the instructions, download the installer and get it working on your machine.
Lastly, I want to show you a top U.S. cloud shell.
It's a really useful tool that enables you to run a command line environment on a WC, so using the
search box at the top of the screen here, I'm going to type cloud shell.
That's another useful way of finding services.
Now, the first option here is the one I want, so I'm going to click on Cloud Shell and it tells you
a little bit here about what's installed.
So it has the Seelye installed.
It has Python A.j.'s.
You get one gigabyte of storage free per region and you can actually save files in your home directory,
which were available for subsequent sessions.
So a very useful tool, especially if you have any issues stopping the command line environment from
working on your machine.
So I'm going to close that message box and it's going to create the environment for me, and that can
take a couple of minutes.
In this case, it was really fast and we're now ready to go.
So that's all there is to it.
You can now use a U.S. cloud shell to run Seelye commands in the cloud.
If you don't want to run them on your machine or if you can't, for some reason now you'll notice the
actions menu in the top right hand corner.
Here you can download files, upload files, restart cloud shell and delete the Cloud Shell Home Directory
if you want to start again.
So that's it.
For this lesson, you'll now set up for the hands-on lessons in this course.